README.md, before:

# PNRust

A Rust integration for GameMaker.

## Getting Started

First of all, you need to copy [rs_build.bat](rs_build.bat),
[rs_src](rs_src), [.cargo](cargo), [Cargo.toml](Cargo.toml), the
`PNRust` extension, and the `pn_rust` script to your game folder. Use
"Add existing" for the latter two.

Before you can use PNRust, you need to call `rs_init` somewhere in
your game's code.

After that, modify [exports.rs](rs_src/exports.rs) (which see) to
export global functions to GML.

A complete example would look like this:

```rust
use crate::buffer::Buffer;
use crate::value::Value;
use crate::Context;

pub fn init_exports(context: &mut Context) {
    context.export("my_function", my_function);
}

pub fn my_function(context: &mut Context, args: &mut Buffer) -> Value {
    Value::Real(420.69)
}
```

Once you make any changes to the Rust code, run
[rs_build.bat](rs_build.bat). You should run it inside an open command
prompt to see any build errors.

See the next section to learn how to install the necessary Rust build
tools.

You can then use `my_function` inside GML.

If all went well, the following code should print `my_function:
420.69`:

```gml
rs_init()
var result = rs_call("my_function")
show_debug_message("my_function: " + string(result))
```

## Rust Build Tools

First, you need to install [rustup](https://rustup.rs/). Get the
stable branch and add it to your PATH.

After that, install the `stable-i686-pc-windows-gnu` toolchain by
running this inside a command prompt:

```cmd
rustup toolchain install stable-i686-pc-windows-gnu --profile minimal
```

Commit message:

Implement a base for the PNRust module system

README.md, after:

# PNRust

A Rust integration for GameMaker.

## Package Structure

The [rust](rust) directory contains all the Rust glue that holds this
package together. It is comprised of the following subtrees:

- [modules](rust/modules), the directory where all your PNRust modules
  are stored.
- [pn_rust](rust/pn_rust), a crate shared by all PNRust modules.
- [pn_rust_dll](rust/pn_rust_dll), a DLL that powers PNRust.

## Getting Started

First of all, you need to copy [rs_build.bat](rs_build.bat),
[rust](rust), the `PNRust` extension, and the `pn_rust` script to
your game folder. Use "Add existing" for the latter two.

Before you can use PNRust, you need to call `rs_init` somewhere in
your game's code.

After that, create a new module in [rust/modules](rust/modules). Check
out the [example module](rust/modules/example) for more info.

Right now, to add a module to your DLL, you'll need to append the
following lines of configuration to
[rust/pn_rust_dll/Cargo.toml](rust/pn_rust_dll/Cargo.toml):

```toml
[dependencies.my_great_module]
path = "../modules/my_great_module"
```

You will also need to make non-trivial changes to the [glue
file](rust/pn_rust_dll/src/glue.rs). This will not be needed soon.

Once you make any changes to the Rust code, run
[rs_build.bat](rs_build.bat). You should run it inside an open command
prompt to see any build errors.

See the next section to learn how to install the necessary Rust build
tools.

GML example:

```gml
rs_init()

// Assuming you've exported `my_function` from `my_great_module`.
var result = rs_call("my_function", [69])

show_debug_message("my_function: " + string(result))
```

## Rust Build Tools

First, you need to install [rustup](https://rustup.rs/). Get the
stable branch and add it to your PATH.

After that, install the `stable-i686-pc-windows-gnu` toolchain by
running this inside a command prompt:

```cmd
rustup toolchain install stable-i686-pc-windows-gnu --profile minimal
```
